The Godfather
1972 Francis Ford-Coppola thriller 2h58m US
Richard Castellano
Robert Duvall
Marlon Brando
John Cazale
Diane Keaton
Richard Conte
Al Lettieri
John Marley
Sterling Hayden
Al Pacino
James Caan
Talia Shire

Don Vito Corleone, head of a mafia family, decides to hand over his empire to his youngest son Michael. However, his decision unintentionally puts the lives of his loved ones in grave danger.


The Irishman
2019 Martin Scorsese drama 3h30m US
Robert De-Niro
Al Pacino 
Joe Pesci
Harvey Keitel

In the 1950s, truck driver Frank Sheeran gets involved with Russell Bufalino and his Pennsylvania crime family. As Sheeran climbs the ranks to become a top hit man, he also goes to work for Jimmy Hoffa -- a powerful Teamster tied to organized crime.


Joker
2019 Todd Philips drama 2h2m US
Joaquin Phoenix
Robert De Niro
Zazie Beetz
Frances Conroy

Forever alone in a crowd, failed comedian Arthur Fleck seeks connection as he walks the streets of Gotham City. Arthur wears two masks -- the one he paints for his day job as a clown, and the guise he projects in a futile attempt to feel like he's part of the world around him. Isolated, bullied and disregarded by society, Fleck begins a slow descent into madness as he transforms into the criminal mastermind known as the Joker.


Gladiator
2000 Ridley Scott action 2h35m US/UK
Joaquin Phoenix
Russell Crowe
Connie Nielsen
Oliver Reed

Commodus takes over power and demotes Maximus, one of the preferred generals of his father, Emperor Marcus Aurelius. As a result, Maximus is relegated to fighting till death as a gladiator.


Maleficent 
2014 Robert Stromberg adventure 1h38m UK
Angelina Jolie
Elle Fanning
Sharlto Copley
Lesley Manville
Imelda Staunton

Maleficent is a kind-hearted fairy, who is deceived by the love of her life, Stefan. Soon, she places a curse on his daughter, Aurora, in order to exact revenge.


Maleficent: Mistress of Evil
2019 Joachim Rønning action 1h58m US
Angelina Jolie
Elle Fanning
Harris Dickinson
Michelle Pfeiffer

Maleficent alienates herself from Aurora when she opposes her engagement with Prince Phillip. Unknown to them, an enemy lurks, waiting to capitalise on their discord and destroy all that they love.


Mr. & Mrs. Smith
2005 Doug Liman romance 2h6m US
Brad Pitt
Angelina Jolie
Adam Brody
Vince Vaughn

A husband and wife struggle to keep their marriage alive until they realise they are both secretly working as assassins. Now, their respective assignments require them to kill each other.


